General Returns Policy

In the event customers are found to misuse the return policy by excessively returning, or cancelling or not accepting the orders placed, Amazon reserves the right to warn and/or suspend and/or block and/or terminate such customer accounts, as necessary.

Applicable products are returnable within the applicable return window if you've received them in a condition that is physically damaged, has missing parts or accessories, defective or different from their description on the product detail page on Amazon.in.
If you report an issue with your Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop, Television, Air Conditioner, Refrigerator, Washing Machine, Microwave, we may facilitate scheduling a technician visit to your location and services availability depends on the location pin code. This visit is scheduled by placing an order with Amazon through Amazon.in Home Services. Subject to Amazon.in Home Services Terms and Conditions, a resolution will be provided based on the technician's evaluation report.
We will carry out verification checks and process the return only if:
     a) it is determined that the product was not damaged while in your possession;
     b) the product is not different from what was shipped to you;
     c) the product is returned in original condition (with brand's/manufacturer's box, MRP tag intact, user
        manual, warranty card and all the accessories therein).
If you wish to return an electronic device that stores any personal information, please ensure that you have removed all such personal information from the device prior to returning. Amazon shall not be liable in any manner for any misuse or usage of such information.
Products may not be eligible for return in some cases as covered in detail in the “Return Policy Types” table below, including cases of buyer's remorse such as incorrect model or color of product ordered or incorrect product ordered.
Products marked as "non-returnable" on the product detail page cannot be returned. However, in an unlikely event of damaged, defective or wrong item delivered to you, we will provide a full refund or replacement, as applicable. We may contact you to ascertain the damage or defect in the item prior to issuing refund/replacement. We reserve the right to pick up the product to ascertain the damage or defect in the item prior to issuing refund/replacement.
If Inspection Service is provided for the product(s) purchased by you (see Inspection Service Terms and Conditions [here]) and OTP is shared after verifying that product is not wrong, damaged or missing accessories, you will not be able to return the product claiming that the product is wrong, damaged, or missing accessories.
No additional information is required to return an eligible order unless otherwise noted in the category specific policy.
Products may be eligible for replacement only if the same seller has the exact same item in stock
On products where return is eligible (basis the policy defined in the Return Policy Types table below), if the seller does not have the exact same product in stock, a refund would be issued to you instead of a Replacement.
Products purchased by international customers are not eligible for returns. However, orders made by international customers are eligible for refunds and customers will have to contact customer service within 5 business days from delivery date or estimated delivery date to claim refunds. For India based customers please refer to the display page to confirm the days of replacement / return specific to the item before purchase.
To know about the Return window for Amazon Business orders, please visit here.
In the event customers are found to misuse the return policy by excessively returning, or cancelling or not accepting the orders placed, Amazon reserves the right to warn and/or suspend and/or block and/or terminate such customer accounts, as necessary.

Note: If you've received a non-returnable product in a damaged/defective condition, you can contact us within 5 days from the delivery of the product.

Note: All product categories are non-returnable for International Customers for Export Orders.

Return Policy Types with Descriptions:

Customers should check the display page for Return / Replacement policy applicable to the specific product before purchase.

Policy: 7/10 Days Service Centre Replacement
Defective use case:
For defective items, you will have to reach out to the brand service centre for further resolutions. For few items, we may facilitate scheduling a technician visit at your doorstep for troubleshooting only. Based on the assessment/ visit, final resolution (repair, refund, replacement) will be provided by brand only.
Damage, Wrong item use case:
This item is eligible for free replacement, within 7/10 days of delivery in an unlikely event of damaged, or different/wrong item delivered to you.
Please keep the item in its original condition, with MRP tags attached, user manual, warranty cards, and original accessories in manufacturer packaging.
We may contact you and / or carry out verification checks to ascertain the damage or defect in the item prior to issuing refund/replacement.

Policy: 7/10 Days Replacement by Brand
Defective use case:
For Defective items, brand will provide On-call support followed by a Technician inspection at your location. Brand technicians will repair the item or provide a replacement as per brand policies. On the basis of the technician's evaluation report, Amazon will provide resolution.
Please keep the item in its original condition, with MRP tags attached, user manual, warranty cards, and original accessories in manufacturer packaging. We may contact you and / or carry out verification checks to ascertain the damage or defect in the item prior to issuing refund/replacement.
Damage, Wrong item use case:
This item is eligible for free replacement, within 7/10 days of delivery, in an unlikely event of damaged, or different/wrong item delivered to you.
Please keep the item in its original condition, with MRP tags attached, user manual, warranty cards, and original accessories in manufacturer packaging.
We may contact you and / or carry out verification checks to ascertain the damage or defect in the item prior to issuing refund/replacement.

Policy: 7/10 Days Replacement
This item is eligible for free replacement, within 7/10 days of delivery, in an unlikely event of damaged, defective or different/wrong item delivered to you.
Please keep the item in its original condition, with MRP tags attached, user manual, warranty cards, and original accessories in manufacturer packaging.
We may contact you and / or carry out verification checks to ascertain the damage or defect in the item prior to issuing refund/replacement. For few items, we may facilitate scheduling a technician visit to your location. On the basis of the technician's evaluation report, we will provide resolution.

Policy: 10/30 Days Returnable
This item is eligible for free return or replacement, within 10/30 days of delivery, in an unlikely event of damaged, defective or different item delivered to you. You can also return the item within 10/30 days of delivery for full refund.
Please keep the item in its original condition, with brand outer box, MRP tags attached, user manual, warranty cards, and original accessories in manufacturer packaging for a successful return pick-up.
We may contact you and / or carry out verification checks to ascertain the damage or defect in the item prior to issuing refund/replacement.

Policy: 10 Day Free Returns & Exchange
This item is eligible for return within 10 days of delivery. You can also exchange this item for a different size/color (based on item availability) or return for a full refund.
Please keep the item in its original condition, with brand outer box, MRP tags attached, user manual, warranty cards, and original accessories in manufacturer packaging for a successful refund/replacement.

Policy: Non-Returnable
These items are not eligible for returns. However, in the unlikely event of damaged, defective or different item delivered to you, we will provide a full refund or free replacement as applicable. We may contact you to ascertain the damage or defect in the item prior to issuing refund/replacement. We reserve the right to pick up the item to ascertain the damage or defect in the item prior to issuing refund/replacement.